Node distribution (#68)
AAU-Dat/P9-ZKP: report/src/sections/01-introduction.tex

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
The Ethereum network is a decentralized network and is one of the most popular blockchains.
At the current time Ethereum is the most used blockchain which relies on the consensus mechanism of~\gls{pos}.
Ethereum switched from~\gls{pow} to~\gls{pos} in 2022 with the release of Ethereum 2.0~\cite{EthereumProof-of-stakePoS}.

> A part of this decision was to reduce the requirements for participating in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A part of this decision was to reduce the requirements for participation in the network.
```

This has lead us to make the following contributions:
\begin{itemize}
    \item We have implemented a de-anonymization attack on validators designed to be running on the Ethereum network.
    The attack was run on the Holesky testnet Ethical purposes.
    \item Through running the attack we have discovered some similarities with the~\gls{de-anon paper} especially the de-anonymization rate of validators but also differences due to running on different networks.
\end{itemize}

\subsection{related work}\label{subsec:related-work}
The blockchain technology has a history of many attacks, some of which are specific to the Ethereum network.
Before choosing the de-anonymization attack, we considered other attacks that could be performed on the Ethereum network.
Many of these attacks are further described in~\autoref{sec:attacks-on-ethereum} but the most closely related attacks can be seen here.

\subsubsection{DoS Attack}\label{subsubsec:dos-attack}
Some of the instances of~\gls{dos} attacks that are seen on ethereum ranges from attacks on the proposers to attacks that seek to slow down the network itself.

> A known attack aims to slow down the network by using underpriced opcodes to create a block that is hard to process~\cite{10.1145/3391195,9815256}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of these attacks aims to slow down the network by using underpriced opcodes to create a block that is hard to process in time~\cite{10.1145/3391195,9815256}.
However, this has been mitigated by an Ethereum Improvement Proposal~\cite{Opcode-mitigation}
```
